src/content/blog/creatures/post-1.md, before:

---
title: Guardians
subtitle: Fairies, Faeries, Fey, Fae and Sprites
description: Fairies have played a wide range of roles in different myths and legends throughout history.
author: Andrew Aguirre
slug: creatures-fairies
date: 2023-09-20
draft: false
category: ["Creatures"]
image:
  {
    src: "https://res.cloudinary.com/dhl7aimx7/image/upload/v1695239776/011_wzbfxk.webp",
    alt: "Fairy and Knight",
  }
article:
  {
    intro:
      [
        {
          tag: "Paragraph",
          params:
            {
              text: "Throughout the rich tapestry of world mythology and folklore, fairies have emerged as captivating and enigmatic beings. These diminutive, magical creatures have played diverse roles in the narratives of countless cultures, each with its own unique perspective on the nature and significance of fairies.",
            },
        },
        {
          tag: "Paragraph",
          params:
            {
              text: "From guardians of the natural world to mischievous tricksters and benevolent guides, fairies have left an indelible mark on the collective imagination of humanity. In this exploration, we delve into the multifaceted roles that fairies have played in myths and legends across the ages.",
            },
        },
      ],
    content:
      [
        {
          title: "Nature Guardians",
          data:
            [
              {
                tag: "ImageBlock",
                params:
                  {
                    image:
                      {
                        src: "https://res.cloudinary.com/dhl7aimx7/image/upload/v1695239773/001_lv6ztt.webp",
                        alt: "Glowing green fairies",
                      },
                    aspectRatio: "square",
                  },
              },
              {
                tag: "Paragraph",
                params:
                  {
                    text: "Fairies are often depicted as protectors of the natural world. They may take on the role of guardians of specific natural settings, such as forests, lakes, or groves. In some folklore, they are believed to have the power to reward or punish those who interact with their domains.",
                  },
              },
              {
                tag: "Paragraph",
                params:
                  {
                    text: "For example, they might bless those who treat the environment with respect and punish those who harm it. Fairies are seen as closely tied to the cycles of nature, and their actions can influence the fertility of the land.",
                  },
              },
            ],
        },
        {
          title: "Magical Beings",
          data:
            [
              {
                tag: "ImageBlock",
                params:
                  {
                    image:
                      {
                        src: "https://res.cloudinary.com/dhl7aimx7/image/upload/v1695239772/002_kqkxyx.webp",
                        alt: "Fairies and lost a adventurer",
                      },
                    aspectRatio: "square",
                  },
              },
              {
                tag: "Paragraph",
                params:
                  {
                    text: "Fairies are renowned for their magical abilities, which can include healing, shape-shifting, and controlling the elements. They may use their powers to aid humans in times of need or to test their character.",
                  },
              },
              {
                tag: "ImageBlock",
                params:
                  {
                    image:
                      {
                        src: "https://res.cloudinary.com/dhl7aimx7/image/upload/v1695239773/003_ngakbi.webp",
                        alt: "Fairies and lost a adventurer",
                      },
                    aspectRatio: "square",
                  },
              },
              {
                tag: "Paragraph",
                params:
                  {
                    text: "For instance, a fairy might appear to a traveler in disguise and grant them a magical gift that aids them on their journey. Conversely, they may also use their magic to challenge and test the bravery or kindness of individuals.",
                  },
              },
            ],
        },
        {
          title: "Tricksters",
          data:
            [
              {
                tag: "ImageBlock",
                params:
                  {
                    image:
                      {
                        src: "https://res.cloudinary.com/dhl7aimx7/image/upload/v1695239774/005_m3etdi.webp",
                        alt: "The forest heart",
                      },
                    aspectRatio: "square",
                  },
              },
              {
                tag: "Paragraph",
                params:
                  {
                    text: "Some fairy folklore portrays them as playful but sometimes troublesome tricksters. They may enjoy leading humans astray in the wilderness or causing them to lose their way. Fairies are known for their love of pranks, such as hiding household items or creating illusions. These pranks can range from harmless jokes to more malicious tricks. In such stories, humans often need to use wit and cleverness to outsmart the fairies.",
                  },
              },
            ],
        },
        {
          title: "Guides and Helpers",
          data:
            [
              {
                tag: "ImageBlock",
                params:
                  {
                    image:
                      {
                        src: "https://res.cloudinary.com/dhl7aimx7/image/upload/v1695239773/004_v3j9k4.webp",
                        alt: "Fairies floating above a magical stream",
                      },
                    aspectRatio: "square",
                  },
              },
              {
                tag: "Paragraph",
                params:
                  {
                    text: "In contrast to their mischievous side, fairies can also be benevolent guides and helpers to humans. They may offer valuable advice, provide protection, or assist in solving problems. In some stories, fairies act as guardian spirits to individuals or families, watching over them and offering guidance during difficult times.",
                  },
              },
            ],
        },
        {
          title: "Fairy Courts",
          data:
            [
              {
                tag: "ImageBlock",
                params:
                  {
                    image:
                      {
                        src: "https://res.cloudinary.com/dhl7aimx7/image/upload/v1695239775/008_imirpk.webp",
                        alt: "Fairies pouring honey into a spring",
                      },
                    aspectRatio: "square",
                  },
              },
              {
                tag: "Paragraph",
                params:
                  {
                    text: "In Celtic mythology, fairies are sometimes organized into elaborate courts, complete with kings, queens, and nobles. These courts are believed to exist in parallel to the human world and are accessible through certain portals or on specific occasions.",
                  },
              },
              {
                tag: "ImageBlock",
                params:
                  {
                    image:
                      {
                        src: "https://res.cloudinary.com/dhl7aimx7/image/upload/v1695239775/009_ghmfif.webp",
                        alt: "Fairies pouring honey into a spring",
                      },
                    aspectRatio: "square",
                  },
              },
              {
                tag: "Paragraph",
                params:
                  {
                    text: "Humans who enter the fairy realm may encounter lavish feasts, music, and dancing. However, they must be cautious, as time in the fairy world can pass differently, and returning to the human world can lead to surprises like aging or finding that many years have elapsed.",
                  },
              },
            ],
        },
        {
          title: "Fairy Abductions",
          data:
            [
              {
                tag: "ImageBlock",
                params:
                  {
                    image:
                      {
                        src: "https://res.cloudinary.com/dhl7aimx7/image/upload/v1695239775/010_trdzyh.webp",
                        alt: "Young women and fairies",
                      },
                    aspectRatio: "square",
                  },
              },
              {
                tag: "Paragraph",
                params:
                  {
                    text: "A common theme in fairy folklore is the abduction of humans, especially children, by fairies. These abductions often lead to adventures in the fairy realm, where the abducted individuals may be treated as honored guests, spouses, or even prisoners. When they return to the human world, they may find that time has passed differently, and they are forever changed by their experiences.",
                  },
              },
            ],
        },
        {
          title: "Symbols of the Otherworld",
          data:
            [
              {
                tag: "ImageBlock",
                params:
                  {
                    image:
                      {
                        src: "https://res.cloudinary.com/dhl7aimx7/image/upload/v1695239774/006_cxowjw.webp",
                        alt: "Knight guided by fairies out of the forest",
                      },
                    aspectRatio: "square",
                  },
              },
              {
                tag: "Paragraph",
                params:
                  {
                    text: "Fairies are sometimes seen as symbolic representations of the Otherworld, a mystical realm separate from our own. Interactions with fairies can symbolize journeys between these two worlds, where the rules of reality and time are different. These stories often explore the mysterious and otherworldly aspects of fairy encounters, emphasizing their role as intermediaries between the human and supernatural realms.",
                  },
              },
            ],
        },
        {
          title: "Moral Lessons",
          data:
            [
              {
                tag: "ImageBlock",
                params:
                  {
                    image:
                      {
                        src: "https://res.cloudinary.com/dhl7aimx7/image/upload/v1695239774/007_vorh69.webp",
                        alt: "Knight returns to civilization",
                      },
                    aspectRatio: "square",
                  },
              },
              {
                tag: "Paragraph",
                params:
                  {
                    text: "In many fairy tales and myths, the actions of fairies serve as vehicles for conveying moral lessons or cultural values. Fairies may reward or punish characters based on their virtues or vices, teaching the audience about concepts like kindness, honesty, and humility. These stories often reinforce the idea that good deeds are rewarded and wrongdoing is met with consequences, with fairies as the arbiters of justice.",
                  },
              },
            ],
        },
      ],
    outro:
      {
        text: "In the vast libraries of human folklore, fairies have woven a complex narrative of enchantment and wonder. They've donned the roles of nature's protectors, mischievous tricksters, benevolent guides, and magical beings of infinite power. From ethereal courts to mysterious abductions, fairies have blurred the lines between the human and the mystical, imparting both fascination and moral lessons. In their ever-evolving tales, fairies remind us of the enduring enchantment that weaves through the fabric of our culture and storytelling.",

        links:
          {
            previousArticle: { slug: "stories-bounty-hunter" },
            nextArticle: { slug: "creatures-resplendant-quetzal" },
          },
      },
  }
---

Commit message:

add traditions category, dropdown no overlap

src/content/blog/creatures/post-1.md, after:

---
title: Guardians
subtitle: Fairies, Faeries, Fey, Fae and Sprites
description: Fairies have played a wide range of roles in different myths and legends throughout history.
author: Andrew Aguirre
slug: creatures-fairies
date: 2023-09-20
draft: false
category: ["Creatures"]
image:
  {
    src: "https://res.cloudinary.com/dhl7aimx7/image/upload/v1695239776/011_wzbfxk.webp",
    alt: "Fairy and Knight",
  }
article:
  {
    intro:
      [
        {
          tag: "Paragraph",
          params:
            {
              text: "Throughout the rich tapestry of world mythology and folklore, fairies have emerged as captivating and enigmatic beings. These diminutive, magical creatures have played diverse roles in the narratives of countless cultures, each with its own unique perspective on the nature and significance of fairies.",
            },
        },
        {
          tag: "Paragraph",
          params:
            {
              text: "From guardians of the natural world to mischievous tricksters and benevolent guides, fairies have left an indelible mark on the collective imagination of humanity. In this exploration, we delve into the multifaceted roles that fairies have played in myths and legends across the ages.",
            },
        },
      ],
    content:
      [
        {
          title: "Nature Guardians",
          data:
            [
              {
                tag: "ImageBlock",
                params:
                  {
                    image:
                      {
                        src: "https://res.cloudinary.com/dhl7aimx7/image/upload/v1695239773/001_lv6ztt.webp",
                        alt: "Glowing green fairies",
                      },
                    aspectRatio: "square",
                  },
              },
              {
                tag: "Paragraph",
                params:
                  {
                    text: "Fairies are often depicted as protectors of the natural world. They may take on the role of guardians of specific natural settings, such as forests, lakes, or groves. In some folklore, they are believed to have the power to reward or punish those who interact with their domains.",
                  },
              },
              {
                tag: "Paragraph",
                params:
                  {
                    text: "For example, they might bless those who treat the environment with respect and punish those who harm it. Fairies are seen as closely tied to the cycles of nature, and their actions can influence the fertility of the land.",
                  },
              },
            ],
        },
        {
          title: "Magical Beings",
          data:
            [
              {
                tag: "ImageBlock",
                params:
                  {
                    image:
                      {
                        src: "https://res.cloudinary.com/dhl7aimx7/image/upload/v1695239772/002_kqkxyx.webp",
                        alt: "Fairies and lost a adventurer",
                      },
                    aspectRatio: "square",
                  },
              },
              {
                tag: "Paragraph",
                params:
                  {
                    text: "Fairies are renowned for their magical abilities, which can include healing, shape-shifting, and controlling the elements. They may use their powers to aid humans in times of need or to test their character.",
                  },
              },
              {
                tag: "ImageBlock",
                params:
                  {
                    image:
                      {
                        src: "https://res.cloudinary.com/dhl7aimx7/image/upload/v1695239773/003_ngakbi.webp",
                        alt: "Fairies and lost a adventurer",
                      },
                    aspectRatio: "square",
                  },
              },
              {
                tag: "Paragraph",
                params:
                  {
                    text: "For instance, a fairy might appear to a traveler in disguise and grant them a magical gift that aids them on their journey. Conversely, they may also use their magic to challenge and test the bravery or kindness of individuals.",
                  },
              },
            ],
        },
        {
          title: "Tricksters",
          data:
            [
              {
                tag: "ImageBlock",
                params:
                  {
                    image:
                      {
                        src: "https://res.cloudinary.com/dhl7aimx7/image/upload/v1695239774/005_m3etdi.webp",
                        alt: "The forest heart",
                      },
                    aspectRatio: "square",
                  },
              },
              {
                tag: "Paragraph",
                params:
                  {
                    text: "Some fairy folklore portrays them as playful but sometimes troublesome tricksters. They may enjoy leading humans astray in the wilderness or causing them to lose their way. Fairies are known for their love of pranks, such as hiding household items or creating illusions. These pranks can range from harmless jokes to more malicious tricks. In such stories, humans often need to use wit and cleverness to outsmart the fairies.",
                  },
              },
            ],
        },
        {
          title: "Guides and Helpers",
          data:
            [
              {
                tag: "ImageBlock",
                params:
                  {
                    image:
                      {
                        src: "https://res.cloudinary.com/dhl7aimx7/image/upload/v1695239773/004_v3j9k4.webp",
                        alt: "Fairies floating above a magical stream",
                      },
                    aspectRatio: "square",
                  },
              },
              {
                tag: "Paragraph",
                params:
                  {
                    text: "In contrast to their mischievous side, fairies can also be benevolent guides and helpers to humans. They may offer valuable advice, provide protection, or assist in solving problems. In some stories, fairies act as guardian spirits to individuals or families, watching over them and offering guidance during difficult times.",
                  },
              },
            ],
        },
        {
          title: "Fairy Courts",
          data:
            [
              {
                tag: "ImageBlock",
                params:
                  {
                    image:
                      {
                        src: "https://res.cloudinary.com/dhl7aimx7/image/upload/v1695239775/008_imirpk.webp",
                        alt: "Fairies pouring honey into a spring",
                      },
                    aspectRatio: "square",
                  },
              },
              {
                tag: "Paragraph",
                params:
                  {
                    text: "In Celtic mythology, fairies are sometimes organized into elaborate courts, complete with kings, queens, and nobles. These courts are believed to exist in parallel to the human world and are accessible through certain portals or on specific occasions.",
                  },
              },
              {
                tag: "ImageBlock",
                params:
                  {
                    image:
                      {
                        src: "https://res.cloudinary.com/dhl7aimx7/image/upload/v1695239775/009_ghmfif.webp",
                        alt: "Fairies pouring honey into a spring",
                      },
                    aspectRatio: "square",
                  },
              },
              {
                tag: "Paragraph",
                params:
                  {
                    text: "Humans who enter the fairy realm may encounter lavish feasts, music, and dancing. However, they must be cautious, as time in the fairy world can pass differently, and returning to the human world can lead to surprises like aging or finding that many years have elapsed.",
                  },
              },
            ],
        },
        {
          title: "Fairy Abductions",
          data:
            [
              {
                tag: "ImageBlock",
                params:
                  {
                    image:
                      {
                        src: "https://res.cloudinary.com/dhl7aimx7/image/upload/v1695239775/010_trdzyh.webp",
                        alt: "Young women and fairies",
                      },
                    aspectRatio: "square",
                  },
              },
              {
                tag: "Paragraph",
                params:
                  {
                    text: "A common theme in fairy folklore is the abduction of humans, especially children, by fairies. These abductions often lead to adventures in the fairy realm, where the abducted individuals may be treated as honored guests, spouses, or even prisoners. When they return to the human world, they may find that time has passed differently, and they are forever changed by their experiences.",
                  },
              },
            ],
        },
        {
          title: "Symbols of the Otherworld",
          data:
            [
              {
                tag: "ImageBlock",
                params:
                  {
                    image:
                      {
                        src: "https://res.cloudinary.com/dhl7aimx7/image/upload/v1695239774/006_cxowjw.webp",
                        alt: "Knight guided by fairies out of the forest",
                      },
                    aspectRatio: "square",
                  },
              },
              {
                tag: "Paragraph",
                params:
                  {
                    text: "Fairies are sometimes seen as symbolic representations of the Otherworld, a mystical realm separate from our own. Interactions with fairies can symbolize journeys between these two worlds, where the rules of reality and time are different. These stories often explore the mysterious and otherworldly aspects of fairy encounters, emphasizing their role as intermediaries between the human and supernatural realms.",
                  },
              },
            ],
        },
        {
          title: "Moral Lessons",
          data:
            [
              {
                tag: "ImageBlock",
                params:
                  {
                    image:
                      {
                        src: "https://res.cloudinary.com/dhl7aimx7/image/upload/v1695239774/007_vorh69.webp",
                        alt: "Knight returns to civilization",
                      },
                    aspectRatio: "square",
                  },
              },
              {
                tag: "Paragraph",
                params:
                  {
                    text: "In many fairy tales and myths, the actions of fairies serve as vehicles for conveying moral lessons or cultural values. Fairies may reward or punish characters based on their virtues or vices, teaching the audience about concepts like kindness, honesty, and humility. These stories often reinforce the idea that good deeds are rewarded and wrongdoing is met with consequences, with fairies as the arbiters of justice.",
                  },
              },
            ],
        },
      ],
    outro:
      {
        text: "In the vast libraries of human folklore, fairies have woven a complex narrative of enchantment and wonder. They've donned the roles of nature's protectors, mischievous tricksters, benevolent guides, and magical beings of infinite power. From ethereal courts to mysterious abductions, fairies have blurred the lines between the human and the mystical, imparting both fascination and moral lessons. In their ever-evolving tales, fairies remind us of the enduring enchantment that weaves through the fabric of our culture and storytelling.",

        links:
          {
            previousArticle: { slug: "traditions-day-of-the-dead" },
            nextArticle: { slug: "creatures-resplendant-quetzal" },
          },
      },
  }
---
